c:\users\maryna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TechConferenceCopy\TechConferenceCopy\bin\TechConferenceCopy.dll.config
c:\users\maryna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TechConferenceCopy\TechConferenceCopy\bin\TechConferenceCopy.dll
c:\users\maryna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TechConferenceCopy\TechConferenceCopy\bin\TechConferenceCopy.pdb
c:\users\maryna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TechConferenceCopy\TechConferenceCopy\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\maryna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TechConferenceCopy\TechConferenceCopy\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\maryna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TechConferenceCopy\TechConferenceCopy\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\maryna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TechConferenceCopy\TechConferenceCopy\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\maryna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TechConferenceCopy\TechConferenceCopy\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\maryna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TechConferenceCopy\TechConferenceCopy\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\maryna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TechConferenceCopy\TechConferenceCopy\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\maryna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TechConferenceCopy\TechConferenceCopy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\maryna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TechConferenceCopy\TechConferenceCopy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\maryna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TechConferenceCopy\TechConferenceCopy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\maryna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TechConferenceCopy\TechConferenceCopy\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\maryna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TechConferenceCopy\TechConferenceCopy\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\maryna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TechConferenceCopy\TechConferenceCopy\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\maryna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TechConferenceCopy\TechConferenceCopy\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\maryna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TechConferenceCopy\TechConferenceCopy\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\maryna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TechConferenceCopy\TechConferenceCopy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\maryna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TechConferenceCopy\TechConferenceCopy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\maryna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TechConferenceCopy\TechConferenceCopy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\maryna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TechConferenceCopy\TechConferenceCopy\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\maryna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TechConferenceCopy\TechConferenceCopy\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\maryna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TechConferenceCopy\TechConferenceCopy\obj\Debug\TechConferenceCopy.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\maryna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TechConferenceCopy\TechConferenceCopy\obj\Debug\TechConferenceCopy.dll
c:\users\maryna\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TechConferenceCopy\TechConferenceCopy\obj\Debug\TechConferenceCopy.pdb
C:\Users\Maryna\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TechConferenceCopy\TechConferenceCopy\bin\TechConferenceCopy.Domain.dll
C:\Users\Maryna\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TechConferenceCopy\TechConferenceCopy\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Maryna\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TechConferenceCopy\TechConferenceCopy\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Maryna\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TechConferenceCopy\TechConferenceCopy\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\Maryna\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TechConferenceCopy\TechConferenceCopy\bin\TechConferenceCopy.Domain.pdb
C:\Users\Maryna\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TechConferenceCopy\TechConferenceCopy\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Maryna\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TechConferenceCopy\TechConferenceCopy\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Maryna\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TechConferenceCopy\TechConferenceCopy\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\Maryna\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TechConferenceCopy\TechConferenceCopy\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Maryna\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TechConferenceCopy\TechConferenceCopy\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
